[Music]
but
they let polo go right
for the same reason no one knew he was
detained one of his moms owns big
newspapers and magazines
i'm sorry i put you in this position but
we've already come this far
if i do this i'll lose the wineries my
family does that make sense to you
i should say that i made it all up
i hope you can forgive me
his daughter scholarships we're looking
for model students and citizens
sorry
do you know about the video i do
wait and you still want to buy me coffee
what kind of muslim are you
all charges have been dropped against
your yesterday we teamed up to create a
new program of studies with the
university of colombia in new york city
acceptance will guarantee admission to
the university the expenses of both the
program and the university courses have
already been paid for
a generous sponsor as i was saying when
did this all happen
because yesterday you were meeting with
polo's mother
may i nadia will you be applying as well
great the more the merrier acute
lymphocytic leukemia
is an extremely fast-growing cancer
which means we need to move quickly
three years ago i put a photo on
instagram and students posted all these
comments body shaming body shaming
really
that was you yep holy [ __ ]
you're disgusting what a fat [ __ ]
i'll come out of this alive mom of
course you'll come out alive
i'm crying because i'm still in shock
not because i'm afraid you're gonna die
is this some way for you to play the
romantic hero
trying to protect me from what you're
going through or some [ __ ] like that i'm
taking
okay when do you want me out go whenever
you want
paulo if you tell me where the trophy is
you and i can finally be free of this
endless nightmare
god damn it knock it off stop
i didn't mean to kill her
it was an accident guzman an accident
go home
and i'm a disgrace to my family
that scholarship nadia
hi
[Music]
hey so you were right i think i'd like
to collect my prize after all
or at least give it a shot okay still
looking for a roommate
i don't want to miss out and have
regrets
[Music]
call an amulet someone please someone
now
pull up get him to go
[Music]
slam alaikum lick him i'm malik a friend
of nadius what is this
i'm going to study in new york next year
too and
it'd be my pleasure to look after your
brother's case might be willing to drop
the charges
he could come home as an innocent man
return
we've been monitoring your friend's
mother sandra lopez gallego and a little
microphone so we can get that evidence
you told him andrew i'm sorry but i had
but i told you not to say anything
this is i'll drag you there myself but
you're getting chemo
this one's with milk thanks
spoiler alert you're not gonna win best
mom this year
hey she said to hit the bag
you shouldn't do it but i should i'll
sell the stuff
we can be partners we'll split at 50 50
what do you say what do you mean by that
you have no [ __ ] like
you can look at us however you want
right polo
then kiss each other just like that
yeah i may know a place where we
wouldn't be competing with
anyone and the market for it is massive
where's that las encinas
it's from the chemo i have cancer
it's in the lawyer's hands will likely
sign in the next few days
only one downside there's a clause
included in the contract allowing your
right to withdraw financing at any time
within the first five years
what the guy who sold my mom out is in
those recordings
we had cameras all over the house the
cops took you had enorgy at our house
actually we're three that's not an orgy
technically speaking mom
we're all going out us three
three people is in a relationship do you
want me
what do you want to [ __ ] me
amanda anders not here
what's that glow
[Applause]
[Music]
is that the only reason you and i went
out no
[Music]
was all this a big life into men and
betrayed my trust
i have no control over that but to cheat
with you
did you consider how i would feel
stay the hell away from her why he's not
okay haven't you noticed all those who
didn't deserve that scholarship
you are the only non-embarrassment
you were a worthy opponent of the bone
marrow biopsy and the ct scan
weren't what we were expecting the
overall proportion of lymphoblasts is
still much higher than 30
for starters it means we're going to
have to continue with chemotherapy the
con artist the killer and the damn
pusher
good intro for a joke except none of
this is even remotely amusing
get out of here
both of you go you so don't need a man
or anyone else for that matter nadia
be the badass woman who managed to beat
even me
be the woman i admire
as a santa agreed to let us share the
scholarship but the budget is what it is
so we'll each have half the original
amount for food and housing and stuff
i'm use thanks no problem
[Music]
yet since christmas break you've done
nothing but make his life miserable
don't believe a word of this
this is all about polo his mom was just
in here talking to you that's what this
is about
the decision is final you're all
expelled and won't graduate
what you're not in love with me you live
the life i could have provided
and only one person's responsible for
them happening in the first place
polo this award she and i won
is something your moms did to clean up
your image i guess
the scholarship's called off as of this
moment
this whole thing was a setup so they
could find your family and arrest your
brother
i'm sorry there's been an alteration in
section three of cause four
the management of the wineries uh-huh
she'll be the sole
and exclusive manager of the wineries
and all related assets
as soon as she turns 18 which is any day
anyway
carla will be the sole proprietor
don't do anything mom i killed marina
you don't know how much you you've done
you've no goddamn idea what kind of
[ __ ] torture it is for him to know
you're still breathing
at least carla loved me once but who's
ever loved you
lou to them you're nothing
[Music]
it might be envious shut up
please forgive me
someone please someone now polo
it was an accident lou he's dead because
of me
we're all gonna walk out of here free
people
and put an end to this [ __ ] once and for
all what if they were to somehow find
all our fingerprints plastered over it
paula wanted to tell you he got his
mom's to reinstate it
oh [ __ ]
i called you here today to tell you that
we found his fingerprints on the trophy
and we'll have to reopen the
investigation you can go to oxford
columbia
harvard whatever school you want we'll
pay for it all
your houses i think it's time i accept
my limited resources
that my mom's a janitor and my family is
what it is
you realize you can't just run off and
study abroad
since you're now in charge of the
wineries you'll work closely with him
really valerio
if you ever decide to come back
i'll be here
you look familiar no matter what news we
get today i'm staying right
by your side omar even if it's chemo for
a hundred years
well then for the next 100 years i'll be
coming here and repeating school
i just found out i'm in remission
[Music]
i don't know anyone here that's not true
you